EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/econtent/econtent_cookbook/econtent_how_to_import_products/importing_and_indexing_data_sql.md

# Importing and indexing data (SQL)

> ## Examples queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Query examples
```

    (225290,204,NULL,NULL,'72\" 4:3','ger-DE');
```

> Remember to index the products in Solr, see [Staging system](../../econtent_features/staging_system.md) and [Indexing eContent data](../../econtent_features/indexing_econtent_data/indexing_econtent_data.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you index the products in Solr, see [Staging system](../../econtent_features/staging_system.md) and [Indexing eContent data](../../econtent_features/indexing_econtent_data/indexing_econtent_data.md)
```

### Import procedure using temp tables

Tables `sve_object` and `sve_object_attributes` have two clone temporary tables called `sve_object_tmp` and `sve_object_attributes_tmp`.

> These temporary tables are used to import new data and keep data available while importing using the normal tables.

Reviewer: I'd go for "by using" "by means" "with" to avoind two gerunds next to each other.
```suggestion
These temporary tables are used to import new data and keep data available while importing with the normal tables.
```
